no I you know today I felt a little
stiff in my back I know there was a
little problem there but try to just you
know about my game and focus on every
point and I was able to to win a match
which is the most important thing you
know just this match
yeah does this match I haven't had any
treatment before we thought going
forward will it work you can't go in
forward or is this like I have a day off
tomorrow and you know just try to
receive some treatment and feel the you
know the best is possible for you know
my next match I think I will be okay
Wendy's happened you haven't in the
first had in the beginning of the first
half and you know I felt a little
restricted you know when I was hitting
my serves and especially when I had to
bend down for the returns when I was
waiting to return her serve so it gave
me some trouble but like I said I tried
to you know play the tennis and I didn't
really think about you know the problem
that I had I just wanted to continue and
I get my best so you will go to Dateline
yes I woke up today fine and happened
you know suddenly in the match how do
you feel now I feel okay now then I just
received some treatment and I think I'll
be fine to play you know my next round
I don't know that's like the faeces
stuff to do I am okay guys I'm going to
tell you all these things all the
massage the boo did they do that I put
my fingers okay I don't know that's
their job to do I'm a tennis player and
I play my I do my job and if he is do
Clips what's it like a player a player
who serve just unravels she doctor she
said that you know off the ground she
thought you played better than you but
her served older that's what she said
she played better than me off the ground
yes okay I think her serve was you know
very inconsistent and you know she would
you know give me a lot of free points on
that you know that stroke so I really
you know felt comfortable you know on
the ground take my shot and you know
when I was able to dictate especially
when I kind of listed my level of play
up you know I would kind of be in the
role and kind of control the whole the
whole game but then like I said you know
I had some problems and then I was kind
of why I was kind of stopped and I
wouldn't move as much and then myself I
started to make out votes as well
because I couldn't push off but my
weight as far as for the game you know I
I felt you look good and I didn't feel
that I felt comfortable and you know in
control even though at times I was down
three one and for two in a second and it
was just a matter of me you know
focusing a little more and kind of
lifting a little you know my game of
play because especially beginning was
the first set I thought I made a lot of
mistakes and I kind of gave it to her
you know and she took the lead then as
soon as I started playing more solid and
started you know dictating up the points
a lot more
then he was only out there so I'm
careful with my weight and I look
forward to my next one
language first of all they never say
simple vanilla or by the potestivo
awesome cuz I could schedule a start
mrs. hodgepodge it later but I lost
pathetic Martha's body create la me an
astronomy at have among them another do
Jammu we agreed Sasuke Morocco
Sarita me fortune and coalition tyranny
sanity cell we go tackle on it with
Casilla polarizer three atom or the
suppose